You will soon meet a dark stranger.
Someone is looking out for you.
You have great patience.
Someone is interested in you.  Keep your eyes open.
He who has not tasted the bitter does not understand the sweet.
You'll accomplish more later if you take some time for yourself.
It is better to get something done late than never.
Slow and steady wins the race.
You will be rewarded for your efforts.
Where there's a will, there's a way.
You will soon bring joy to someone.
Be generous, and the favor will be returned.
You deserve to have a good time after a hard day's work.
You are a true friend.
Know the right moment.
Appearances are often deceiving.
You will be reunited with old friends.
You are busy but you are happy.
Focus on your long-term goal.
You stand in your own light.  Make it shine.
You are going to have a very comfortable retirement.
Your lover will never wish to leave.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
Actions speak louder than words.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
You are original and creative.
You will enjoy good health.  You will be surrounded by luxury.
Don't worry about money, the best things in life are free.
Now is a good time to explore.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Opportunities surround you if you know where to look.
You are sociable and entertaining.
Good things come in small packages.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
Your family is one of nature's masterpieces.
Your skills will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You have so much to be thankful for.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Use your talents.  That's what they are intended for.
Keep up the good work.  You will be rewarded.
People are naturally attracted to you.
Talents that are not shared are not talents.
We can learn from everyone, even our adversaries.
You'll accomplish more later if you have a little fun this weekend.
Magic will be created when an unconventional person comes to stay.
For a good cause, wrongdoing may be virtuous.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Our first and last love is... self-love.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
Do not be afraid of competition.
Find release from your cares, have a good time.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgement.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Good things are being said about you.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Your enthusiasm inspires people.
Distribute your favors wisely.
Have a beautiful day.
You are capable, competent, creative and careful.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You are tasting the sweets of success.
You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time.
Your dearest dream is coming true.
You are the master of every situation.
A modest man never talks of himself.
You will soon be crossing the great waters.
You have much skill in expressing yourself to be effective.
People are attracted by your delicate features.
Happy life is just in front of you.
You have great physical powers and an iron constitution.
You love life very much.
You always bring others happiness.
Not every soil can bear all things.  Be practical.
Your efforts will be worthwhile.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
You will soon get something special because of your charm.
Drink to your health.
A wise man knows everything, a shrewd one, everybody.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
You are vigorous in words and action.
Someone is looking up to you.  Don't let that person down.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
You are kind-hearted and hospitable, cheerful and well-liked.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
God will help you overcome any hardship.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
Be prepared to receive something special.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure.
It tastes sweet.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
We are very happy together.
Time makes one wise.  Ask advice from someone older than you.
You are talented in many ways.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment.
Treat others as you would treat yourself.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
You love life very much.
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You are an exciting and inspiring person.
You will be fortunate in the opportunities presented to you.
In God we trust all others must pay cash.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
Nothing seems impossible to you.
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
Even a small gift could mean so much to someone today.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success!
Unexpected romantic and financial gifts surprise and delight you!
You can't ride in all directions at one time.
Be generous with your talents; your friends will become richer as a consequence.
Others admire your caring qualities.
It is impossible to please everyone.  Please yourself first.
It's not helpful to wonder what might have been.
You will be showered with good luck.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Smile when you are ready.
Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Don't give up.  The best is yet to come.
To be loved, be lovable.
Your plans will be complicated by a surprise.  But everything will work out.
Prepare today for the demands of tomorrow.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Ask for what you want, even if you know you can't have it.
The simplest answer is to act.
You will soon be the center of attention.
You are a fun-loving person and you will find much happiness.
Your assets will swell to immense proportions.
You have the ability to adapt to diverse situations.
You'll get more secure and confident in your relationships with co-workers.
Get your mind set - confidence will lead you on.
Don't be afraid to take that big step.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener.
Promise only what you can give.
Tomorrow will be too late to enjoy what you can today.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
The further out of reach, the stronger the temptation.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Your good deeds are never forgotten.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
A love relationship takes on an added dimension.
Everyone says you are the best.
Never forget a friend, especially if he owes you.
You will have many friends when you need them.
You will find happiness in your hands, your mind and your heart.
You will be showered with good luck.
Beautiful things await you.
You may love the small ones but win the big ones.
There are no bad days; some are just better than others.
Be the labor great or small... do it well or not at all!
There are many unexpected & thrilling surprises in store for you!
We should not expect from others what we cannot do ourselves.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.